Keynote/September/The first month of your journey! 
You’re excited and you head on out. You see a path that 
leads to a clearing, filled with flowers, and a path that 
leads deeper into the woods. You hear the rush of a waterfall 
from the one that leads deeper into the woods. Do you take the 
path into the woods(1) or head towards the waterfall(2)?
/You see a wooden bridge ahead and you cross  it. 
The birds are chirping and there is a light breeze 
in the air… the weather is perfect and you almost want 
to take a picture of the moment. You walk on contently. 
The bridge snaps, and you grab onto a rope. Your life 
is spared but not without damage-- you have sprained 
your wrist, and you know the rest of the journey will 
be very difficult because of this injury.
/You see a rock in front of you, with a giant handle 
of something embedded in. On the rock is a note which 
says “The pen may be mightier than the sword.. but a 
key opens any door.” Do you pull the handle(1) or walk on(2)?
/You walk past the suspicious rock and continue on your journey. 
As you walk past, the rock disappears, and you’re glad you avoided 
that trap. You’re safe.. For now.
/You pull the handle, and you find out that it is a large key. 
The key flies out of your hand and transforms into a large sword, 
and the note transforms into a giant knight made out of paper.
/Convert 314 to hexadecimal?/A/14A/13A/12F/13A/


Mice2/OCTOBER/A month of your journey has passed. As you defeat more monsters, you gain more battle experience. Your laptop has powered up multiple times, making it a stronger weapon to use against the monsters.
You have now exited the woods and are on your way to the city. As you jog forwards, the scenery around you changes. You hear a slight cackle and whirl around… but it is nothing. Shrugging off the feeling, you slow down to a walk and slowly creep forward. You’re tired. Do you take a rest in the shade under the tree(1) or find a water source(2)?
/You see a nearby stream, and you sit down to collect some water in your bottle. 
You’re thirsty and take a couple sips--the water hits instantly. 
You spend the night by the stream, and wake up vomiting. 
You’ve contracted cholera--a hard hit to your long, upcoming journey. 
You are slowed down by a week due to your sickness./When you sit down, 
a pile of dust arises. You look around for a rock to put your laptop on (so it won’t get dirty). You’re extremely tired. Do you spend the night(1) or take a short break(2)?/You spend the night and get a poor night’s rest, but it’s still better than nothing. You know this won’t be the worst part of your upcoming journey, and you’re grateful. 
/You spend the night, but something in the middle of the night rustles. 
You wake up, startled. A group of mice is nearby, stealing 
your food which must last you for the whole week. But these aren’t normal mice-- 
you can tell that they are very intelligent, and they have a chain of thievery. 
You get your laptop and prepare to fend off the pests./fight/1/2/3/4/1/

Ticket/NOVEMBER/You’re on the road—a long, hard journey. Your clothes have been shredded, and you pray to whatever Mission or CS god there is for some care package. Suddenly, a cloaked figure approaches you. You startle and stop in your tracks. Do you try to talk(1) or ignore him and walk on(2)?/You run away and continue on your journey, your feet hurting as your sandals wear down with the harsh, dry wind. Suddenly, your sandals break and you curse to yourself as you pick up the spare leather pieces. You walk barefoot, and step on a sharp rock. 
You curse to yourself, and you have to stay behind for a few days to nurse your foot and regain your strength. /You cut the cloak using your laptop, and the cloak crumbles to the floor, (seemingly) empty. Seeing that the cloak is a nice fabric, you take it for yourself and drape it over your shoulders; a good protection from the harsh sun. You walk on./You steal the cloak for yourself, but a wind blows and you’re unable to grasp it strongly. The cloak flies away and in its place is a piece of paper. You pick it up, and it says “Ticket to Hell.” You turn around, and see an army of students with tickets and students with advance tickets standing in formation. They march up, ready to battle. 
/fight/1/2/3/4/1/

PEEB/DECEMBER/Darkness. And then you wake up. Dazed, you sit up and look around-- and you see that Ol’ Plunger, Guide to the town of Bathroom, is next to you, brewing some sort of potion. “You fainted,” he states. “Everyone is hoping that you’ll be able to save our kingdom--you can’t stop now.” He pours out the substance into a cup made of leaves, and hands it to you. Do you drink it(1) or push it away(2)?/You take the cup from him and you take a couple sips. You shrink in size. Ol’ Plunger laughs to himself, and says that he “must’ve used the wrong ingredient! Sorry ‘bout that!” You beg him to change you back, but he can’t hear you since you’re so small. He walks away, and the thud of his feet knocks you back into a tree, making you black out./You push the drink away and stand up, worried about the effects of the potion. Laughing, Ol’ Plunger picks up the rest of the cauldron, and spills the potion on you. You wait a few minutes… and nothing happens. You laugh, and tell Plunger that his potion is a failure. He smirks and asks you to turn around. Do you turn around(1) or ignore him(2)?/You turn… and see nothing. Plunger laughs at your gullibleness, and you feel embarrassed. But you’re glad you have someone to joke around with./The sky turns black. You look up, and suddenly the weather gets unbearingly hot. You beg Plunger to reverse whatever it is that he did, but he’s gone. The air turns smokey, making it hard to breathe. You know what’s the cause of this. It’s the notorious monster known throughout the kingdom for his horrible impact on the weather. 
You ready yourself for battle. You know this will be a tough one.
/fight/1/2/3/4/1/


Hypergrade/FEBRUARY/After your visit from Stephen, you find that as you walk along the snow melts, leaving a beautiful path behind. You’ve finally reached the end of the countryside, and now you can see the castle and the buildings of the kingdom in the distance, almost reachable. 
You’re tired, and you need somewhere to rest for a couple of days before progressing onwards. You see a nearby tavern, which looks small and cozy, but you also know that later on, more towards the inner city, there is a bigger hotel with more amenities. Do you go to the tavern(1) or go to the hotel(2)?/You go to the tavern and get a small room for yourself, content with what you have. Although the room is very cramped, you are exhausted and lie down on the bed right away, eager to catch a good night’s sleep. However, when you lie down you realize that the bed is very hard and that you can feel the springs through the mattress, making it difficult for you to regain any energy. You sleep fitfully, leaving you very drowsy and tired for the next week of the journey.. /You check into the hotel and go to the front desk, eager to finally get a key to your room. The concierge asks you if you would like a suite room or a standard room, which both cost roughly the same price due to a holiday. Both rooms are similar in decoration; the suite rooms are just a tad bigger. Do you select the suite room or the standard room?/You check into a standard room, and you see that other than the fact that the television is a little small for your taste, but everything else is perfect. You climb into bed and turn off the lights, ready to get a good night’s sleep./You head into the room, only to find that the bathroom light is on, and that there is someone inside. Scared, you hide behind a door with your laptop and prepare to battle whatever comes out, in case they try to attack you.
The door slowly swings open, and you brace yourself. A monster made up of millions of other small monsters called “test cases” steps out. The monster sees you and smiles, and introduces itself as “Hypergrade.” It then snarls and lunges toward you./fight/1/2/3/4/1/

Batman Class/MARCH/You’ve left the hotel, and have now entered the kingdom. You are shocked by the dire state the buildings and the people are in—everything is in slums. Even though you’re not in the central district, the state of the countryside was something horrible you never expected.
The once beautiful town you grew up in as a child is now burned to the ground, only left behind by a pile of ashes. You’re shocked—what monster could have possible caused so much destruction and caused the downfall of an entire kingdom? You vow to take revenge. 
You walk forward and see a cape on the ground. Do you pick it up or keep walking?/You keep walking, shocked by the state the country is in. Suddenly, you remember that when you moved with your family, you left your pet dog, Piazza, at the nearby barn to make sure he was safe. You run over to the barn and find Piazza sleeping on the floor, cold and shivering. Crying, you pick him up and hug him to your chest, using the little money you saved for yourself to buy him a meal./You pick up the black cape and see that it is made out of a very nice, thick fabric, something which you need as your clothes have started to deteriorate because of the weather. The cape feels very smooth to the touch, and seems very durable-- an important addition to your items. Do you wear the cape now or save it for later?/You pick up the strangely, suspiciously placed cape and put it in your bag to use for later. You keep walking, and could have sworn that the cape gets heavier and heavier as you walk on-- and you get more and more tired./You wear the cape now, and suddenly the air around you spirals. Caught in the middle of a dust storm, you are momentarily blind. Suddenly, you see some strange mass land in front of you. You rub your eyes and see that it is a person kneeling down. The person looks up and says, “That cape is mine.” He walks toward you and you cower in fear-- you see that it is Batman from the Superhero class, one of the most notorious hitmen in the kingdom./fight/1/2/3/4/1/

School Wifi/APRIL/You’re now right in front of the castle, standing on the moat. You see the doors in front of you, and you’re glad that finally, you are almost where you need to be. There are two marble stairs leading up to the throne room-- one on the left and one on the right. Do you take the stairs on the left or the stairs on the right?/You walk up the stairs and you find yourself in front of the throne room. Very nervous, you sit down on the steps to collect your thoughts. “King Bruck is just one room away,” you whisper to yourself. You take a deep breath and mentally prepare yourself for the meeting that is to come, yet your heart beats faster and faster. You momentarily pass out, tired from all of the stress, but soon regain your consciousness./You walk up the stairs and see that there is another room on your right. Do you proceed to the throne room or go into the room?/You walk in, ready to meet King Bruck finally./You head into the room and you suddenly bump into something. You try to walk around this invisible something, but you are unable to go through. You are stuck, and you know something is coming. You try one more time to push through the wall, and you get a message: “Username or password incorrect. Please try again.”
You know who this is. You turn around… it’s MSJHSWireless. Next to it is FUSDGuest, an opponent just as formidable. /fight/1/3/4/5/1/





